in YouTube ready
don't start
hey we are now recording okay Allah and
welcome to the ipfs weekly call hello
everyone hi Abby so before we start
so before we start our presentations if
you can just please put your name in our
notes that'll be great I'll put that in
the chat okay just put your handle we'd
like to know who attends our calls it's
nice it's useful okay and so for today's
call we are going to hear from hala hala
is US House a lot of things
he's a student he does a hardware
security and a Renaissance hacker so
she'll be talking about it so she'll be
talking about the centralized web and
ipfs but before we begin with Paulo we
will start with Allen Allen last week
created and package manager and he's
going to do it to us and give us an
introduction so Allen take it away okay
so let me just pick the right screen
[Music]
okay here we go
sorry sorry everyone okay can you see
this desktop now okay sorry about that
oh you think you think I'm new to these
sorts of things anyway hi it's not quite
a package management but it is a way of
managing
the ipfs installs you have both versions
that you have installed as well as the
imitations so as a lot of us you know
there are two kind of main
implementations of my PFS going at the
moment there is the go ipfs
implementation and the JSI PFS version
and so this is a tool for developers to
help you to manage them or use them and
so it's it needs node installed you can
install a tool by typing npm install -
GI I am I could it i'm ipfs installer
manager and i thought it was lame at
first but now I'm growing to love it
because because it has so anyway once
you have installed it you have this
handy command-line tool called I'm on
your on your command line and it has one
basically one really useful command
called use and I'm use allows you to
select the IP FS implementation you want
to use as well as optionally a
particular version so so let's give it a
demo so I didn't have an IP FS installed
at the moment so that's cool I'm gonna
show you this I'm gonna do I'm I'm used
I'm using go oh yes us use here we go um
so it's selected a go active s version
is the current latest version of go ipfs
and it's currently installing go ipfs
for me which should take too long but
once it's done I should have an IP FS
ready for you to use so wait wait wait
here it comes
[Music]
come on I love your bean store right
here you go so it's installed go I think
that's the binary got put at this
location so everything gets installed
into your home directory under a folder
called oh I am so it's all kind of
nicely separated from anything else on
your system
and then what it does is it initializes
ipfs so you don't need to run ipfs in it
before you start using it and then i
should just have a ipfs here and that
should be my goai PFS version and then I
could you I could do something like I'm
I'm use go and then I can specify a
particular version like the previous
version and it will go away and install
that for me so give that a second so
what's happening now is it going away to
NPM and because on NPM there's a package
called go idea fest depth which has a
pretty built version of go in it it's
it's bringing that down from NPM and
it's a little bit for me now I should
just have a vacant
whoever's little whistling please mute
thank you
i PFS so I should not have a version of
ipfs the previous version so that's fun
times right um so what else can we do
so this use this as as we normally would
my first demon and it would just should
just start up as usual
there it is it's all ready to use so it
works so that's good so then let's use J
yes and let's specify 0.33 so now this
one is interesting because it's gone
away and so this is interesting because
I specified 0.33 and not anything else
and what's happened here is that it's
gone away and asked NPM for all of the
versions of JSF EFS and it's kind of
auto made this into a version range and
it's selected the most recent recent
version of the 0.33 series of JSI DFS
and once it's selected that it goes
ahead and smooth it and this is just
doing an NPM install ipfs at zero got
33.1 and it'll take a little bit longer
than
the NGO IPF that's one because it's
actually installing JSF FS and all of
the packages the chair cyberfest depends
on so it's making requests for each ones
and we run up one of those packages and
then any any kind of pre-built or any
native code that needs to be compiled
will also be compiled and and so all
that stuff needs to happen whereas for
go ifs it's a prebuilt binary that's
just uploaded to NPM so that just comes
down a lot quicker but the good thing is
once you've installed it once then and
you switch to using it again you know
you only have to do listens to the
process once for each version that you
installed in use so eventually this will
finish installing the spinners by the
way are this module called aura which is
super and if weird it makes making
command line spinners and ticks and
things really easy I totally recommend
it and so this what this one did was
it's all Jess I profess installed the
binary here and it's initialized it as
it did with go ipfs and one important
thing that it didn't do with what we
didn't do ago she ipfs was it configured
ipfs and what that means is it set the
port's that JSI VFS runs on to be the
same course as Co runs on and that's
just so you can switch out the two
without having to reconfigure them and
and it means that if I type IVFs version
here that I've now got my Jess IVFs and
it's using the same binary Dame so I
don't have to type jet ipfs I can just
type IP FS and if I start up like FS
demon yeah
we can have a look and see that the the
gateway is running on port 8080 the API
is this five thousand one and we've got
swarm on like four thousand and one and
that if you look up here is the same as
the defaults that we get for go up if s
so eighty eighty-five
one and we got four thousand and one
over there and so it's kind of it's
switch them out without having to
reconfigure and stuff so that's really
useful and it means that tools like with
tools like companion I can configure it
to point to an external IP FS once not
have to reconfigure it when I switch
between different implementations so
that's kind of cool so really quickly
I'm almost done there's a like a comment
the common problem of like if you don't
have access so what happens is when when
things get installed is that it's
symlinks to use a local bin and and that
means that I could just type IP FS on
the command line sometimes in some
systems you don't have access to let me
just start this up and use sometimes in
other systems over than Mac OS you don't
have access to user local bin you don't
have write access to it and so there's a
common problem where people try and
install a new version and it tries to do
this sim link and it will fail because
you don't have write permissions now
what we don't want is what we don't
really want is to have to like go
through the whole install process using
a privileged users or you know a user
with escalated privileges so what they
said about what and what I'm allowed to
do is so you can see here because I
don't have write access to user local
Lib it's failed it failed to link it but
I've got this cool utility called link
and yeah right which will which will go
ahead and create that sim link and
that's all it does as an escalated user
so you don't have to don't go through
your whole install process but you can
fix it up and I can do a TFS version as
normal so that's kind of cool and then
and because it means that people who
don't have access to user local bin can
still put a binary on that Commandments
and and final final thing there is also
a handy I'm I'm info
and which tells you what current version
you've got installed where that repo
path is because they actually separates
the repos out as well so we don't get
problems with Interop between different
implementations or different versions of
repos you go back to like a really old
ipfs that doesn't have the same repo
compatibility as another and so it just
gives you a bit of an effect that's it
thank you very much for listening
and yeah so reddit took so long yay
thank you I wish I had this tool two
months ago when I was switching between
versions this is great what I would like
to see you have a go implementation and
a JavaScript implementation it would be
interesting we have various community
api's like python and it'll be
interesting if they could use this tool
and also have like and have like an
install of ipfs then you can put it not
at all because they both come from
Indiana the what about go but it seems
like they also using go as well yeah
like I said it's go there's a module
called go ipfs debt in NPM which has a
version of go bundled in it okay if you
can do the same with Python or PHP or
whatever then yeah conceivably you can
do it but like I don't think NPM will be
that the transport and CDN through these
things forever it's just that was the
easiest way to get this thing up and
running yeah awesome okay we are running
short on time so I see several questions
so there are two things you can do if
you have questions if you can leave them
in the comment section of YouTube that'd
be great and which would probably a
better option here is the repo so if you
have a question if you would like to
help up in this project you can go to
the repo and put in an issue thank you
again thank you very
Ellen all right it's time for our next
presenter which is Paulo and Paulo will
show us about the decentralized web and
introduce IPF esta ipfs to the audios
Sao Paulo
hi hey sorry I need smarter
no this cream yeah God can you show us
some of your slide please
so for share look on the bottom of your
screen and there should be a button SS
share an edge and screen I'll send you a
screenshot
so meantime while we're while we're
changing speakers um we can answer one
question for the previous presenter so
Johnny crunch
Johnny's so how do you verify the
authenticity of the binary are you
validating a signed binary from github
so we can answer like one question
I do not know the process of the module
go ipfs depth before doing that I I
don't I don't know how that happens so I
would go recommend going and have a
looking and having a look at that
particular module I will link it in the
notes in a second but but yeah I guess
it would be I think is it's essentially
a manual process of updating that
library - I think it's in again like a
manual process but updating that library
to use this binary so I guess it's you
know as long as you download it and
verify it yourself and then get it
pushed out to NPM then it's it should be
what you you say it is okay excellent we
can go - haha awesome okay it's let's go
to the next presentation excuse me Paola
is up and running so Paula take it away
so you guys can see this green right yes
okay so first of all I got to introduce
this presentation I use this
presentation in awesome which is free
office on board I tried to introduce
IBPS you know like the basic use
statically for Linux but I also wanted
to talk about since I've seen
distributing tonight I want a future of
Union Dion who IPSS and working on of
these so presently well and I thought
you already said I lost security is my
motion you are the founder of an
association in Spain called India's
which is about digital rights privacy
security channel and I was restarted in
the field of journalism in order to
teach about all of these obits so as I
said actually the IP fearless
introduction again this year is quite
basic I wanted to create an analogy we
finally came for 51 you already heard
about it it's a science fiction story
that picture is a society with its
firefighters all right come on Lee to
borrow books so there is lack of culture
religion on society because there's a
lot of stories that I really lost and
later I'm doing all these bloody swing
lost so there's a group of riddles
there are trying to be are my hair it's
two books in order to preserve this
culture so I think I'll be fierce has
the same philosophy
and I thought it would be an interesting
point to think about engineers in this
community or context right now is a
really super owned by tech will attract
foreign pilot lights we are in the
information oils and in turn out to be
right
actually the first message fans on the
internet was alone almost 50 years ago
it was supposed to be looking bad in the
metro now no one is 15 years later or
where communication is based on how fast
we can talk to each other
I'm talking to you right now because
again but this is also come to my same
because if we don't have we have very
time teaching because Tony you know we
probably have a very think about the
consequences of what we post an injury
so for example I think the IP feelings
the factor all day later is going to be
always on the network create
responsibilities only users also on the
other hand as the side picture here we
have censorship internet censorship is a
huge problem nowadays it's it happens in
so many countries and you say missing
later super villians
it's also being on very normalized so
basically since oh she lives on in
boards that list and being is not even
research and I think experience it's a
great resource for going against the
kind of techniques so we now that Kevin
when you're thinking about these when I
have so many problems right was supposed
to be open we you know take it up was
thoughts and this is not going to have
any quickly thinking we need them in
this way so it's again with
you know this new way of working in
India I think that if you ask us a
strong role in movies because I PPS has
distribute while cooking risotto is a
single block in some internal accidents
in the Commons and it also has open
philosophy that was really the first
thing so neatly but it has typical names
as some of us already know because on
its face it on hashes the address change
is the content change because the
identification is relating to the
content and also you know distribute
Internet is not the unitive idea for
common interests which are useful a
centralized system either in realized
individual lives
oh so what does this IP penis has seen
identities first of all when I say
really said it has to be easy setup here
is that opening is that it's ready to
use this is an example fight it makes me
write different looks when each box has
information that is me to join a table
we can also use blocks here so in will
not be one where it has different
commands so here for example we are
doing the inner world lower in our
teaching of the time so we have to start
reading daniel has literally have seen
before in the last presentation I'm
there there's the
here is the file which is blue oil as
you can see this is an oil with Josh and
this is the original one become and also
a lot of information with the files and
videos using different commands so there
are sole source of information for
creating a piece so for example jet
speed or we go you know their most
interesting application I've seen is our
chemical and with a few core can be use
with terrain and bridge is some kind of
heat but using this treatment system so
it's very interesting
so whistling i prefeer system meaning
it's easy to setup
it's easy to use and to apply food
building tools but we are facing some
chance here first of all we are facing
social challenge and you're there how
they are facing think ultimate social
challenge because we have to fight
against the Internet of Things machine
which are needed by governments and
companies we also have to fight against
innocent eyes minded users as long as
you said before we also have technical
issues because there are no secrets once
we have the hush so currently is not
very good way to store passwords that
kind of sensitive information knowing
unaffected block this dilute system and
also like there are notes either earth
to know the community only video using
standards there as are rewards servers
or which means you know there are not
secure so you have to trust in the
signal of the network which is original
so as I already said the socio a
challenge are to stop
institutionalization because we are seed
when it will turn into your context it
is not right already
there's a lot of people don't simply
don't care because it's more comfortable
to do not care about the kind of things
learning about the centralized system
and try to read okay not only the
classic technologies but also in the
central systems and to understand that
security is not money it has strong base
as I research technical issues are not
very likely to store secrets and created
an attack then you can affect only that
one it's circles that you can create
stop with IDPs in samples and containers
but if closed it will determine being a
complete machine you don't work
this is related to the second so awaits
you maybe but the first one we hashed is
to firstly in treating you see exactly
an apology so only the person who wants
to receive the message is going to read
it or see its problem because the
information it's going to be stored in
the network the
it's kind of a solution in fact in my
work is less likely to happen because it
requires also social engineering to
expect to orchestrate the stack but it's
easy to understand what kind of users
are going to be in the network right now
for example in with some instances and
finally there are stones will not reveal
it is inconvenient service so there is
no way to see
the servers or the containers that are
parts of the network are still we have
no way to so for example we can use
calls Claire doesn't let us go it's
comfortable new abilities it's more
secrets
you know in since three times um so we
are facing a lot of programs there are
soon obvious person here instead initial
stop you know we should be bubbly I
think absolutely not because these were
we are creating something and it's
actually working
do you know this has some issues like
any other technology that has already
started in university so we are the
developers we analyze the abuse and its
possibilities to face it is going to
college so absolutely it's not try to
stop but keep going on
thank you very much Paola stop sharing
your screen please yes awesome thank you
very much
we were having some technical
difficulties on our end so we were able
to see your mouse but we weren't able to
see like the slides actually change so
um for everyone's who's listening now we
will work on this and have like a better
version of loaded later on this week we
are running short
orange fine but it would be nice to get
a question or two in so does anyone have
any questions I also want to edit that
isn't
that's that is amazing um upload an IPSS
that is a great what we're also going to
do is have this available on YouTube
let's see the moment so apparently this
so the slides are on ipfs you actually
have the hash do you have the address of
where your slides are located Iraq's a
good one
okay awesome so once you put it up just
let me know and I'll let everyone else
know okay I have one question for you
Paula you're also a journalist correct
what are the implications of ipfs to
journalists if any oh you know
interaction to journalism so now because
you're not it uses to reduce your
noticing sharing other stories you know
there's a lot of people sharing these
stories and it's also consider if you
listen so I think I'd be fierce is
really interesting to me not you're not
listen you can use the shared science
community on facing difficult situations
and many people countries when they are
being very short or like tweaking a
little debate that baby are bleeding so
girly IP fears is a solution so these
information is not lost even though
their computers or are these notes are
no can be noticed excellent so the
information and the data is still there
even though computers are such are
confiscated instance like this happy and
places like Turkey Egypt so thank you
very much we are running a bit over
holla
thank you for your talk it was great
we'll have a better uploaded version
later on this week we'll also have an
address to Palace slides and I'll see
everyone next week take care bye bye